Questions:
Once you’ve completed the coding portion of this assignment, answer the following questions using the following information.

We know we want to keep airbnb accountable by checking if an 
airbnb does not have a policy number 
(a reference to the business license San Francisco requires
to operate a short-term rental). Every entry in our database
has a policy number, is pending a policy number, or is exempt 
from having one (hotels are exempt from this law). This is 
because airbnb requires listers to enter this information in a 
text box before allowing their listing to go live. However, 
looking through our database, there is a policy number that 
doesn’t look like the other policy numbers. 
The listing id “16204265” has an unusual policy number. 
Using images of the exterior of the house posted on airbnb, 
we can pinpoint which apartment building this rental unit is 
located in, and check the San Francisco Planning Office to 
find out if this airbnb does not have a policy number and 
entered random numbers, or if the lister had a typo. 
Through this process we found that this lister does NOT 
have a short-term rental business license! This is an 
illegal rental unit that is taking a housing unit away 
from the local population. We can now file a complaint 
with the planning office to start an investigation!

Note that the “Property Information Map” of the San Francisco 
Planning Office may not work on eduroam or MWireless.

Turn in your answers to these questions as well as your code.
Throughout this project, we acted as investigators to uphold 
the system of accountability created by the San Francisco 
lawmakers: listers must register with the city’s planning 
office and put the business license’s number on Airbnb’s 
website, Airbnb must display some effort in validating these 
policy numbers, and third parties can register a complaint of 
illegal short-term rentals with the city planning office. We 
used web-scraping to do the latter using several hours of our 
personal time.

Imagine you’re a software developer at either 
the San Francisco Planning Office (SFPO) or Airbnb.com. 
Describe a different system that verifies that the business 
license is valid for short term rentals in San Francisco and 
list at least two arguments you might hear at your organization 
(either SFPO or Airbnb.com) against adopting your system.

ANSWER: I would propose that we change they system by which people
can upload their rentals. My suggestion would be to have housing 
platforms like airbnb linked to the SFPO. The process of applying to post 
a short term rental through Airbnb would be the same, however there 
would be a waiting area (queue) for houses once they are within the Airbnb system.
The way I would propose this would be to have a SFPO page that 
links to those who have applied to have their houses on Airbnb. That way, 
as soon as SFPO reviews and approves housing, the listing will 
automatically be posted to airbnb's website because it will be in a 
queue of houses that are only waiting for approval. 

The first arguement against this system would probably come from 
both renters and airbnb. I think that they would argue that it is 
not fair to have the company (and person posting the listing) have 
to wait on the SFPO in order to post the listing, and in turn 
make a profit. Additionally, I could see the SFPO also have an issue
with this proposal. I think that they could claim that this process
will put too much pressure on the planning office and that there will 
be too much pressure from outside sources to work faster instead of 
working carefully to ensure safety of the property for the people of San 
Francisco. 

The database we’ve created through web-scraping is a great 
data source of information for data scientists in order to 
answer and explore research questions. Skim through the 
Housing Insecurity in the US Wikipedia page and describe 
at least one research question that you could answer or 
explore using this data if you were a data scientist working 
with a housing activist organization to fight against housing 
insecurity.

ANSWER: After reading about housing insecurity in the 
United States, I saw that there are many research 
questions that can be answered / explored using the 
data we found by setting up our tests. If we were to 
be working with a housing activist organization whose
job it was to fight housing insecurity, we could set 
up a similar data base to scrape data on housing 
insecurity. This program could work similarly to the one 
we developed by using certain housing ID numbers, or 
in this case, something like area code may be more applicable.
From there, we could correlate different factors that lead to housing 
instability such as income level in that area, population, 
and homelessness. Using this data and correlating it 
together we could determine if there is one factor that 
plays a larger role in housing instability or if the 
causes differ by area code. We would answer this question 
by scraping the data from the website and seeing which 
factors had the largest porportional affect on the area, 
and reporting those fidnings accordingly. 

As discussed in the introduction, the legality of web 
scraping is still uncertain in the US. Skim through the 
Legal Issues section of Web Scraping in the US on Wikipedia 
and this article about the legal issues with the Computer 
Fraud and Abuse Act, and describe at least one factor you 
believe is important to consider when discussing the legality 
of web scraping and why.

ANSWER: The one thing that sticks out to me when looking 
at web scraping and whether or not/ to what extent it 
is legal is understanding what data is being used.
In my eyes, part of what makes it hard to develop cases 
against web scraping is that web scrapers take data that 
is PUBLIC. Although web scrapers take data from a website's 
servers, it does not take data that the company has created and 
concealed, but rather data that is available to any member 
of the public. On the other hand of this debate is when 
company's scrape website data that is private. For example, 
when 3Taps scraped classified housing adds from Craiglist. In 
this context, my idea of web scraping changes and it seems much 
less ethically (and legally) acceptable. Using public data is one 
thing, but accessing private data is another, and I agree with 
the US's ruling of saying doing so violates the CFAA. 
However, the lines on this are not always clear, and I think 
that more clear rules need to be developed so people on both the 
web scraping and web design side understand their limits and 
so they can act accordingly. 



Scraping public data does not always lead to positive 
results for society. While web scraping is important 
for accountability and open access of information, w
e must also consider issues of privacy as well. 
Many argue that using someone’s personal data without 
their consent (even if publicly provided) is unethical. 
Web scraping requires thoughtful intervention, what are 
two or more guidelines that must we consider when deciding 
to use or not to use public data?

ANSWER: I believe that data scraping is a very complicated topic
and I understand the arguments being made on both sides. 
Especially in regards to scraping and personal information, 
I think that more strict laws should exist to protect people.
I think that there could be a middle ground to this issue. 
For example, personal information linked to a specific person 
should be protected from web scraping; however, I think that if 
it is public data, it should be able to be used without the connection 
to a specific identity. For example, if we used someone's personal data 
to try to understand a demographic this person's identity should 
be concealed, but their actual information that can be used to 
better understand groups of people should be accessible by a identifier 
such as person1 instead of a real person's name. Another guideline I would 
make would be that personal information cannot be shared. I think that a lot of 
good things can come from looking at, analyzing, and reflecting on data 
and trends from individuals and that seeing trends based on people's 
characteristics or a common sub-group can be beneficial for businesses and people in 
general. However, if personal data is used to see trends and serve a purpose, 
the personal data should not be shared, but rather only the findings from that data. 
Lastly, I think that there should be exceptions to the privacy rules in place in certain 
scenarios. A possible solution to this would be to develop an executive board or 
something similar in order to decide if the public benefit of scraping personal data 
outweighs the potential negatives so that if the public will benefit, 
such endeavors can be carried out without punishment. 